>> Welcome to the
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the Business
Meeting Hypnotherapy Audio.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In a moment, the hypnosis will
begin, but before it does,
I'd like to remind you that
the following audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that aim to help you reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now slightly open your
mouth and release all the air
from your body in a
long, low, deep sigh.
And relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
And you can release
any tension, relax,
and let go as I guide
you through a journey
of relaxation, a journey that
you will find very beneficial
for your overall well-being.
You're going to start
this calming experience
by first relaxing your
whole body mind system.
And it's true to say that the
simple act of relaxing the body
and mind has a positive knock-on
effect, because how you think
determines how you feel.
And how you feel influences
the world around you.
And how you choose
to think today
affects your decisions
from here on in.
So to make my
assurances your reality,
let's begin by
focusing your attention
at the very top of your head.
Tension often starts at
the scalp and the neck.
So mentally and physically
allow all the muscles
around the top of your
head to relax now,
letting all the
tension simply dissolve
as you start to tune in
to your body mind system.
Just let any tension you may
be holding to release now.
Allow your brain to relax,
the left and the right
lobes of the brain
just releasing.
Such a simple thought, yet so
profound and so significant.
Just letting go completely.
Drifting further
and further down.
Nobody wanting anything,
nobody needing anything.
This is your time to relax.
Taking the relaxation
into the face
now, allowing all of your
facial muscles to feel loose.
Feel your brow relaxing,
your forehead smoothing out,
the back of your eyes relaxing.
Tiny muscles around your
eyes and eyelids down
into your cheeks and
into your jaw muscles,
just releasing and letting go.
Allowing your
tongue to fall away
from the roof of your mouth.
And should you find you need
to swallow, just do that
now, and drift down and
down, deeper and deeper
into blissful relaxation.
The more you physically
relax, the more
you can mentally relax.
And when you can
mentally relax, you
can think much more clearly.
And when you think more clearly,
your life becomes clearer,
you make better decisions,
and you're much more
in control of your days.
So noticing now how
your neck feels,
relaxing all the little muscles,
letting go of the strain,
letting go of the tension.
Allow that tension that you
may be holding in your shoulder
to go now.
Feel those shoulders,
both of them,
sinking into the
frame of your body.
Feel your neck lengthen
as you do this.
Feel or imagine all your
cares and worries just
rolling off your shoulders now
as you take the relaxation down
now into the tops of your
arms, letting any tension you
may be holding just drain away.
And as your awareness floats
down through your upper arms,
into your elbows, all the
muscles in your forearms
relax, right down to your
wrists and into your hands.
And way down into the very tips
of your fingers and thumbs.
Your arms are feeling so heavy.
Your body's so comfortable.
Nothing whatsoever
to do but just
relax and enjoy this feeling
of total release now.
As you let go of all the
tension in those muscles,
you may experience them becoming
calmer and gently releasing.
And just tune into the
feeling of simply letting go.
As you become aware
of your breathing,
notice that you are now
breathing steadily and slowly,
rhythmically.
And with each exhale,
you feel yourself
just relaxing even
more deeply, allowing
any tension in the chest area
now to simply drain away,
letting go completely
and totally.
Bring awareness into
your stomach now,
and let all your
stomach muscles relax.
And as you do, I
want you to imagine
a ball of sunlight passing
down from the top of your head
down through your face, your
throat, and into your stomach.
Visualize this healing
energy passing down
through your throat and
chest and into your stomach.
So see and feel the sunlight
swirling and rotating.
And as the light glows, it
warms and soothes and heals.
And you release and relax and
drift down, and further down.
And in your imagination,
you send the sunlight out
now to every nerve cell,
bone, muscle, fiber,
and system of the body.
See it flowing through
the bloodstream,
and leave the light there.
It knows what to do.
As you take the relaxation,
round into your back muscles
and from your back muscles.
It relaxes those muscles
either side of the spine.
Releasing, relaxing,
and just letting go now.
Deeper and deeper now.
As you relax your
waist and the muscles
of your lower stomach, and
down into the pelvic area, all
the way down through
the large thigh muscles,
down through your knees,
your shins and your calves,
just allow those areas of
the body to relax and let go.
You're so relaxed, so
heavy, so comfortable.
And now, tune into that
comfortable feeling
as you think on down to
your ankles, into your feet,
right down to the very
tips of your toes.
All the muscles of your body
are now so beautifully relaxed,
and you feel very heavy
and very comfortable.
And you're feeling centered, and
relaxed, and fully in control.
If there are any
areas of your body
that still feel
tight or tense, you
find that you can relax them
simply by giving yourself
permission to do so.
And you can now go even
deeper as I count down
from eight to zero.
And with every number, you
feel yourself drifting further
into blissful relaxation.
So eight, seven, six,
five, deeper now,
four, three, two, one, and zero.
Deeply relaxed, letting go of
all the cares and worries, all
the tension and pressure
and stresses and strains.
Let them all ease from your
body and ease from your mind.
And allow yourself to drift down
into a deeper, more blissful
state of creative relaxation.
I'm going to talk to you now
about your business meeting
presence.
And you may have noticed that
in business meetings recently
you seem to be lacking
some executive presence.
Perhaps you notice other people
who attract and engage everyone
in a meeting.
Perhaps when they're on a video
call, or walk into a room,
they have the ability
to command attention,
leaving everyone wanting more.
It may look like
these people just
get it and have natural
executive presence,
but the truth is this is
something they've developed
over a long period of time.
So you, too, start to
work on how you show up,
starting by making sure that
before you start a meeting,
you stop for a quick second.
Compose yourself.
Take a deep breath.
Slow down so you feel
centered, calm, relaxed,
prepared, and composed.
You have thought in advance
about the questions your boss
or colleagues may be
asking in the meeting,
and you've prepared some
well-thought-out responses,
ensuring you're not
caught off guard
and you can remain cool, calm,
and collected at all times.
Your body language is
open and you look engaged.
You make sure that you maintain
solid eye contact with everyone
in the room or on a video call.
And this not only makes
you more personable,
but portrays confidence.
You speak up in meetings,
speaking clearly, firmly,
and loudly enough for
people to hear you.
You are confident in
what you're saying.
You know you can
have an opinion,
and your ideas and opinions
are worthy of hearing.
It doesn't matter if
people agree with you.
You're not seeking to
get everyone's approval.
Not everyone will agree with
everything you think and say.
You simply want to share
your thoughts and ideas,
input into the meeting,
and have a voice.
And this is important to
you and your development.
However, you're not afraid
of silence in meetings.
You're not interested
in filling the silence
with unnecessary ramblings.
You're more interested
in leaving people
with something that will make
them think, listen, and feel.
You know that people may forget
what you did or what you said,
but people will never forget
how you make them feel.
You make other
people in the room
feel special by
listening to them.
You don't hog the conversation.
You don't speak over
others or interrupt.
And when someone
is talking to you,
you maintain eye contact and
nod or respond appropriately.
You take time to think
about your response,
and when you're ready, you
confidently land your points
clearly, calmly,
and articulately.
You stop any negative
comments, and you
stop censoring yourself.
You automatically
speak out more often.
It's important that you
share your thoughts and ideas
without over-editing them
or limiting your expression.
This helps you come across
as a leader and more
of an influential
person overall.
In your preparation
for your meeting,
you think about one point
or topic from the agenda
that you know you can address.
You think about a topic
that's important to you,
and you prepare in advance
thoughts and opinions
so you're ready to
add to the discussion.
For more spontaneous meetings
where you haven't had time
to prepare, you take
your time to listen
to what's being discussed,
digest the information,
tap into your extensive
knowledge and information
pool in your subconscious
mind, and use your experience
to have input into
the conversation.
You're more alert, confident,
calm, relaxed, focused,
and engaged in
meetings at all times.
If you ever feel you
need more information
before you can speak up, you
simply ask more questions.
You probe deeper
into what others
are saying by asking questions
to help give you more clarity
and understanding, thus helping
you to feel more engaged
and to be more of an
active participant.
You believe in yourself
and your ideas.
Your ideas are no
less valid than those
of other people in
the meeting, so you
don't allow any self-doubt
to creep into your mind.
You no longer adjust
your viewpoint
to suit the needs of others.
You simply believe in
your thoughts and ideas,
giving you lots of
self-confidence.
And this, in turn, helps you to
share your thoughts and ideas
much more easily now.
You are full of self-confidence
and control now.
You're not striving
to be perfect,
to know all the
answers in meetings.
You're there because
your opinion matters.
You no longer feel intimidated
by more confident or louder
people on the call or in a room.
Just because people
speak louder,
it doesn't necessarily mean
they're making more sense
or that they're right.
You are impactful and
have presence in meetings.
You champion yourself
and acknowledge
what you bring and
contribute to the table.
When someone else
speaks up in the meeting
and your view is contrary,
you don't automatically
think that you are
wrong and they're right.
This is simply not true.
Your experiences,
thoughts, and opinions
are not only valid
and worthwhile,
but prove to be exactly what
other people need to hear.
You speak without
hesitation, and not
just when you have
something important to say.
You no longer censor yourself.
You have total
freedom of expression
and love pushing yourself
out of your comfort zone.
You're more alert, confident,
calm, relaxed, focused,
and engaged in meetings
at all times now.
From now on, you find yourself
actually looking forward
to business meetings.
And your desire to improve
your meeting skills
grow stronger and
stronger day by day.
Stronger by the day,
stronger by the hour,
stronger by the minute.
I'd like you now to visualize
yourself in a business meeting.
Picture the scenes just
as I describe them.
You're relaxed,
calm, and confident.
You're listening intently
with an open body language,
nodding, focused
and being engaged.
Hear yourself start to speak.
Notice how you
haven't hesitated.
You have a thought,
opinion, question, or idea,
and you're keen to share it.
You say what you need to say
confidently and articulately.
People are listening
and interested in what
you have to say.
You feel pleased with yourself.
You feel proud that
you've spoken up,
and you've found your
voice in meetings now,
and you like how it
sounds and feels.
You're more alert, confident,
calm, relaxed, focused,
and engaged in meetings
at all times now.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you now
the wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now with one,
two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.
[MUSIC PLAYING]